[AG-37539] Added note to exception modifiers (#652)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters.md

:::

:::info

> Exception rule modifiers will disable other basic rules only for main frame document requests (see [`$document`](#document-modifier) for more information about main frame document).

Reviewer: maybe add something along the lines of "by default, without specifying additional content types"?

Reviewer: otherwise it looks like it works only for main frame and there are no other ways

Author: Does "By default, without specifying additional content type modifiers exception rule modifiers will ..." sounds good?

Reviewer: yes, for me, sounds better

> By default, without specifying additional content type modifiers exception rule modifiers will disable other basic rules only for main frame document requests (see [`$document`](#document-modifier) for more information about main frame document).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, without specifying additional content type modifiers, exception rule modifiers override other basic rules only for main frame document requests (see [`$document`](#document-modifier) for more information about main frame document).
```

For example:

> - Website `example.com` contains an `iframe` pointing to `example1.com`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The website `example.com` contains an `iframe` pointing to `example1.com`.
```
